Minor ACLK docu updates (#11882)
netdata/netdata: aclk/README.md

To verify which ACLK implementation Netdata uses, visit the `/api/v1/info` endpoint on your local dashboard and check the `aclk-implementation` key.

New Netdata Cloud features will be implemented on top of ACLK-NG only. ACLK Legacy is therefore kept as a fallback in case some users have issues.

> ACLK Legacy is planned to be removed in following releases!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Note: ACLK Legacy will be removed in following releases! 
> Update your ACLK configuration to ACLK-NG to prevent any disruptions.

```
Put this sentence into a Note for higher visibility.
